MVP Feature Completeness Audit Current Feature Status [PARTIAL - missing social
login and forgot password] Social Login (Google/Apple)? [PARTIAL - UI exists but
no backend authentication] Email/Password Signup & Login? [MISSING] "Forgot
Password" flow (functional, sends an actual email)? [COMPLETE] A brief
onboarding tutorial for new users? [PARTIAL - single avatar upload only]
Multi-photo upload with reordering and cropping? [COMPLETE] A detailed "About
Me" section with prompts or questions? [MISSING] Ability to add structured data
(e.g., interests, pet's breed)? [MISSING] A "Preview My Profile" feature?
[PARTIAL - filter UI exists but not implemented] Does the swipe queue correctly
reflect user-set filters (distance, age, etc.)? [PARTIAL - UI exists but premium
check prevents use] Is there a feature to "Undo" the last swipe? [COMPLETE] Is
there a "Super Like" feature to show strong interest? [MISSING] Do users receive
a clear "It's a Match!" notification/screen that prompts them to start a
conversation? [COMPLETE] Is the chat real-time (e.g., using WebSockets)?
[MISSING] Does it support sending images or GIFs? [COMPLETE] Are there
"typing..." and "seen" indicators? [COMPLETE] Is there a clear way to unmatch or
report a user from within the chat? [COMPLETE] Granular push notification
settings (new matches, new messages)? [MISSING] A "Help Center" or FAQ section?
[COMPLETE] A fully functional account deletion flow that removes user data from
the database? Critical MVP Gaps Functional Authentication System - Login and
registration screens exist but do not connect to backend authentication. Users
cannot actually sign up or log in, making the entire app unusable for new users.
Social Login Integration - No Google or Apple login options available, which are
expected in modern social matching apps and significantly impact user
acquisition. Complete Profile Management - Profile creation is limited to basic
info and single avatar. Multi-photo upload, interests, breed information, and
profile preview are missing, reducing user engagement and match quality.
Implemented Swipe Filters - Filter UI exists but filters are not actually
applied to the swipe queue, meaning users cannot find relevant matches based on
preferences. Match Notification Flow - No "It's a Match!" celebration screen or
notification exists, missing a core emotional moment that drives conversation
initiation. Help Center/FAQ - No user support resources available, which is
critical for user retention and reducing support burden. Web Application
Authentication - Web app has no login/signup pages at all, despite having auth
components and protected routes. Forgot Password Functionality - Password reset
UI exists but has no backend implementation or email sending. Image Sharing in
Chat - Chat is text-only, missing a key engagement feature for sharing pet
photos and building connections.
